Topic 1: Straps
  Keywords : strings, strap, picks, amp, guitars, tune, fender, tuning
  Score    : 0.279
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.47, distinctiveness=0.00
  Sample   : very good strap, but the pick pocket does not hold the picks securely. especially when you take off the guitar for a break. either a pocket closure or a spring loaded clip is needed

Topic 2: Cables
  Keywords : cables, mic, recording, microphone, audio, mixer, mics, headphones
  Score    : 0.261
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.43, distinctiveness=0.00
  Sample   : possibly the best quality mic cable i have come across to date in my hunt for reasonably priced cables and gear. for the working musician or home recording man this is great! extremely high quality at

Topic 3: Delay pedal
  Keywords : distortion, amp, delay, overdrive, joyo, effect, reverb, behringer
  Score    : 0.367
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.35, distinctiveness=0.40
  Sample   : this delay pedal doesnt give you massive distortion, but a nice bit of fuzz. i'm impressed with what you get for the price!

Topic 4: Music stand
  Keywords : stands, mic stand, guitar stand, stage, mount, base, stable, adjustable
  Score    : 0.475
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.52, distinctiveness=0.41
  Sample   : i mounted this on top of my on stage tripod mic stand to hold my small format mixer during gigs. works great

Topic 5: Cleaning guitars
  Keywords : cloth, strings, cleaning, fretboard, guitars, humidity, polishing, shine
  Score    : 0.428
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.46, distinctiveness=0.38
  Sample   : lets be honest, it must be pretty hard to mess up a cleaning cloth. it either cleans or it doesn't. this cleans polishes all of my guitars great. just make sure the strings are off so that this doesn'

Topic 6: Filters
  Keywords : filters, pop filters, clamp, microphone, mic stand, yeti, goose neck, recording
  Score    : 0.188
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.31, distinctiveness=0.00
  Sample   : filter works very well and looks professional. only problem i am having is that the clamp seems to work specifically with a mic stand or similar type structure.

Topic 7: Bench
  Keywords : bench, height, chair, comfortable, stool, legs, padding, foot rest
  Score    : 0.249
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.42, distinctiveness=-0.00
  Sample   : this bench is well constructed and comfortable to sit on for extended periods. my only complaint is that i wish it had just a little more height adjustment- maybe 1 inch. overall, it is well suited fo

Topic 8: Dunlop
  Keywords : finger, dunlop, ring, guitar, drop floor, playing, use metal, guitar slide
  Score    : 0.374
  Feedback : evidence_sim=0.33, distinctiveness=0.44
  Sample   : the dunlop guitar fingerboard kit arrived very quickly and was put to the test immediately. i am pleased with the product. it makes my guitar look new again. i will definitly look into their other pro
